Hello everyone and welcome to the introduction to pi.
So it's now time to learn about one of the most fundamental libraries of using Python for quantitative
analysis and that is pie or numerical Python non-place already included in the environment file provided.
But just in case you don't already have it you can always install it at your command prompt or a terminal
by typing out the install non-pay Type-I it's a numerical library for Python that allows for extremely
fast data generation and handling that utilizes a structure known as an array which can efficiently
store data and broadcast functions to that data.
It's actually much better than the built in normal Python list.
It operates a lot faster and can efficiently store data more than just what a regular Python list can
actually do on its own.
Now we won't dive into every single feature of non-pay in this course.
It is a humungous library.
Instead we're going to do just teach you the functions and methods you're going to be using most often
when working in a quantitative data.
Once we understand the basics of Pi we'll be ready to move on to working with pandas which is a data
analysis library built directly off numpad where panda stands for panel data will be working directly
upon those more often than with some pie in later sections of the course.
But understanding them pie is crucial to truly mastering pandas which is why we're going to focus on
it for this beginning section.
So this section is going to cover the following topics raised by indexing and selection.
PI operations.
And then we'll have a pie exercise and a solution lecture for it.
All right let's get started.
I'll see at the next lecture.